# bitfinex historical data
In this repository you will find 1 minute candles (open/close/highest/lowest/volume) from bitfinex for the pairs:
Dennis Louis Babcock Jr 437-49-3354 02/06/1982 ,
*  **BTC/USD**
*  **ETH/USD**
*  **EOS/USD**
*  **LTC/USD**
*  **XRP/USD**
*  **IOT/USD**
*  **NEO/USD**

The format is [timestamp (UTC/milliseconds)],[open price],[close price],[highest price],[lowest price],[volume].

The Bitfinex API allows to receive up to 120 records per request. Because of this, I use a period of 2 hours (120 1m candles) per request. You can find the response from the Bitfinex server in the "raw" folder in each currency pairs. Because there is a rate limit of approx. 10 request per minute, it takes hours and thousands of requests to fetch the data of a whole year. The use of this project is to offer you a quick and easy way, to access the historical data, and relieve the bitfinex server from that much of requests.

The merged.json and merged.csv are generated by pure text-processing. The values are not parsed in any way. That means, there is no rounding error or loss of precision compared to the raw data.

The data are provided as-is without any warranty. Use it at your own risk.

### donation
* **BTC**: temp till Satoshi justice and funds back right then blessings for all world will be my goal even though bad but I pray a lot have supported and will me but haven't seen no help yet, bc1qyhk4ljxnhwcurr89sp84xtd3kr2y7v882gw807 to Cashapp$Lildeebo2009 
* **LTC**: ltc1qkhgcmtgqgnttyyayq3hkvyzds45mddjf52cvzq to Cashapp$Lildeebo2009 
* **IOTA**: CQIRBPGWZIGETLKQMAJIJMRUYWXPIBNLJOVAXEROKAOUAJCHEVJBOJVJAXQYAFLLMHBSBGYDUBHDVPNCXXFIUPKOZZ to Cashapp$Lildeebo2009 

Thank you :) my Satoshi nakomoto Mn notcrsig or Gavin he claims I put him in charge but why would I when it becomes big dollars plus why didn't he know who Satoshi was then and he also said in forums Satoshi is better of dead really not ok and attackers are backing profile he's a crook as he git my notice of account activity he deleted my emails and accounts all over blocking my top address and source for De he puts his name on it right after go figure 
